KeePassB Password Manager (KeePass-compatible)
Cross-platform password manager


KeePassB is a native password manager app compatible with KeePass 1.x and 2.x databases. KeePass is available on all major desktop and mobile platforms.

More details at http://keepassb.com

The original KeePass, created by Dominik Reichl, is a free multi-platform open source password manager, which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way. You can put all your passwords in one database, which is locked with one master key or a key file. So you only have to remember one single master password or select the key file to unlock the whole database. The databases are encrypted using the best and most secure cryptographic algorithms currently known (AES-256, SHA-256). 


FEATURES:
- Stores your sensitive data, neatly organized in groups and encrypted with AES-256.
- Compatible with KeePass databases (client apps exist for all major desktop and mobile platforms). 
- Can view and edit both KeePass 1.x (.kdb) and 2.x (.kdbx) databases
- Supports composite master keys (password + key file)
- Supports multiple databases (work, personal, etc)
- Provides a strong password generator (customizable, too)
- Supports Quick Unlock (can provide one attempt to reopen database with an easier password)
- Can automatically backup database before saving
- Keeps previous versions of edited/deleted entries. Just in case.
- Works with BlackBerry Work Drives
- Works offline, your data stay on device
- Can synchronize via any system-integrated service (Dropbox, Box, OneDrive), if you put database file into a synchronized folder. FTP, WebDAV and other synchronization methods are possible with third-party apps (see http://keepassb.org/#qa-ftp-webdav for a walk-through).
- Available in English, German, Russian and Vietnamese


PERMISSIONS:
- Shared Files - required to access (read and write) KeePass databases in device memory.
- That's it!


APP NAME:
KeePassB inherited its name from an Android port created in 2012. Building the native app from the scratch allowed us to engage the full power of BlackBerry 10 platform, resulting in great performance and fantastic interface. Even better, KeePassB naturally integrates into  enterprise environments. (For enterprise inquiries, please contact the developer.)
Meanwhile, the old KeePassB remains available for existing users, but further development will focus on the native app.


DISCLAIMER:
While every effort has been made to ensure reliable and error-free functionality of the application, this is a work in progress and you use it at your own risk. If you find a bug, please report it to the developer before leaving negative review.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Keywords:
keypass, keepassx, enpass, keeper, keepassb 2, keepassb2, vault, safe


Changelog:

v2.5.3
Major performance improvement: much faster loading/saving (thanks Christoph)
Added Twofish support for v1 (.kdb) databases (thanks Glenn)

v2.5.2
Added search-as-you-type
Improved QuickUnlock: now quicker by one tap
Fixed partial clipboard cleanup (thanks Roger)
Minor interface improvements (thanks Martin)

v2.5.1
Improved search results list (thanks Petr)
Fixed clipboard cleanup on exit (thanks Farhan)
Minor interface improvements

NEW RELEASE: A free KeePassB Try-and-Buy version is now available on BBW. This time-limited trial version is used for promoting the paid app, not to replace it. Also, companies can now easily purchase KeePassB licenses (activation codes) for their employees. 

v2.5.0
Added Multi-Copy - a magic-like method to copy both login and password without returning to KeePassB (see https://youtu.be/QFukWQyvdZg)
Improved list sorting (thanks Ellis)
Minor interface improvements (thanks Martin and Karl)

v2.4.3
Added quick lock status to active cover
Added Vietnamese translation
Fixed compatibility with KeePassX 

v2.4.2
Improved database saving sequence (no redundant temporary files)
Improved settings interface
Fixed synchronization issues with PlayCloud
Fixed a few interface issues introduced by the previous update 

v2.4.1
Added German and Russian translations
Fixed minor interface bugs
Improved startup time

v2.4.0
Added creation of new v2/kdbx databases
Added editing of database master key
Added settings for history of recently used files (thanks, Stefan!)
Improved handling of missing file access permission
Minor UI improvements

v2.3.1
Fixed potential bug in .kdbx saving
Fixed saving of KeePass plugins' data

v2.3.0
Added v2/kdbx editing (beta). This function is experimental, so please make sure to keep the "Backup on save" option enabled.
Added multi-word search: found entries should contain each word (thanks, Milan!)
Added option to minimize app on copy (thanks, Michel!)
Minor UI improvements

v2.2.4
Fixed: lists layout on BB Passport
Fixed: pasting from clipboard did not work in some applications
Fixed: clipboard is now cleared only on timeout or when KeePassB closes; locking the database does not clear the clipboard anymore. Thus, a password from one database can now be used to unlock another database.

v2.2.3
Fixed opening v2 databases with key file only

v2.2.2
Fixed opening v1 databases with v2 XML key files
Minor interface fixes

v2.2.1
Show database locked/unlocked state when minimized  
Fixed opening .kdb files from File Manager
Improved view of long entry notes/comments

v2.2.0
Added v1/kdb editing support (beta): groups, entries, icons, attached files. The database is automatically backed up before saving (configurable option, enabled by default).
Added password generator
Added database unlocking with a key file only (no password)
Expired entries are shown with a special red "X" icon

v2.1.2 beta
Fixed the "Unsupported database version" error occuring with some v2 (.kdbx) databases. 

v2.1.1 beta
Refreshed entry view interface
Added "Search on start" option
Added "Clear recent files" option
Added keyboard shortcut: S for search
Improved reporting of file read errors
Fix displaying titles with special symbols
Other minor improvements and fixes

v2.1.0 beta
Added v1 (.kdb) database reading
Added Quick Unlock info page
Disabled Quick Unlock for key-file-only databases
Other minor improvements and bug fixes

v2.0.2 beta
Added long-tap menu for copying entry fields
Fixed keyboard popup on all-touch devices

v2.0.1 beta
Significantly faster database decryption (6x speedup)
Fixed crash on databases with large transformation rounds value
Fixed invocation from file managers
Fixed text of the Lock icon (thanks, SparrowhawkMMU)
Other minor UI improvements

v2.0 beta
- First native release